makepkg: add page (#4140)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/makepkg.md

# makepkg

> Creates a package installable with the `pacman` package manager.

> > Runs the commands specified in a PKGBUILD file to build the package. Read more at https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Makepkg.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Runs the commands from a PKGBUILD file to build the package.
> More information: <https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Makepkg>.
```

- Make a package (run in the same directory as a PKGBUILD):

`makepkg`

> - Make a package and install its dependencies (specified in the PKGBUILD):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make a package and install its dependencies:
```
redundant, it's already said in the command's description

`makepkg --syncdeps`

> - The same as above, but install the package with `pacman` when done:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Same as above, but install the package with `pacman` when done:
```

`makepkg --syncdeps --install`

> - Make a package but skip source checksums (also specified in the PKGBUILD):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make a package, but skip source checksums:
```
